FAQ Update (1) (#2226)
embassy-rs/embassy: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/project_structure.adoc

= Project Structure

> There are many ways to configure embassy and it's components for your exact application. The link:https://github.com/embassy-rs/embassy/tree/main/examples[examples] directory for each chipset demonstrate how your project structure should look. Let's break it down:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are many ways to configure embassy and its components for your exact application. The link:https://github.com/embassy-rs/embassy/tree/main/examples[examples] directory for each chipset demonstrates how your project structure should look. Let's break it down:
```

The toplevel file structure of your project should look like this:
[source,plain]
----
{} = Maybe

my-project
|- .cargo
|  |- config.toml
|- src
|  |- main.rs
|- build.rs
|- Cargo.toml
|- {memory.x}
|- rust-toolchain.toml
----

=== .cargo/config.toml

This directory/file describes what platform you're on, and configures link:https://github.com/probe-rs/probe-rs[probe-rs] to deploy to your device.

Here is a minimal example:

[source,toml]
----
[target.thumbv6m-none-eabi] # <-change for your platform
runner = 'probe-rs run --chip STM32F031K6Tx' # <- change for your chip

[build]
target = "thumbv6m-none-eabi" # <-change for your platform

[env]
DEFMT_LOG = "trace" # <- can change to info, warn, or error
----

=== build.rs

> This is the build script for your project. It links defmt (what is defmt?) and the `memory.x` file if need be. This file is pretty specific for each chipset, just copy and paste from the corresponding link:https://github.com/embassy-rs/embassy/tree/main/examples[example].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the build script for your project. It links defmt (what is defmt?) and the `memory.x` file if needed. This file is pretty specific for each chipset, just copy and paste from the corresponding link:https://github.com/embassy-rs/embassy/tree/main/examples[example].
```
